# Visual Novel Forum Website
A forum-like website that allows users to search for available artists/writers/musicians/animators dedicated to creating VN’s.

Part of this Website will feature a general forum where users will be able to ask questions/give advice to other users creating their own visual novels.

The other half will feature a list of artist portfolios; generated by user's profile/portfolio inputs. Instead of continuous thread bumping for an artist
to show that their commisions are open/looking for work and describing their abilities within.
The plan is the to create a tagging system that will allow users to search for artists under various criteria.

#### Tagging Examples Include:
- Closed/Open commisions or free asset creator
- What type of art asset they specialize in (Background, Sprites, Music, etc.)
- Style/Genre of art
- And others...

## Reason For Wanting To Create This Site:
There are few resources available to help in creating a visual novel. Despite appreciating many of the functions and website
formatting of some of popular forums. I personally found it difficult to search for artists that would/could help me.

While seraching through a general forum website format. There is only so much information you can gain from just a thread title.
Many times have threads with [CLOSED] in the title would still appear in [OPEN] searches; The reason: because the word open was 
used just once somewhere else within the thread!

It's also extremely time consuming to check through every thread to get a glance at an artist's art style or to see what they cannot/can create.  
I personally wished there was a way to better filter out potential artists I might what to check out.
